Okay.
Trust me.
It's real.
Full speed, Kevin.
Into the wall.
The tunnel, I mean.
uh six years back i asked one question i never got an answer from anyone do you know anyone that died from kovid it's the fog of antibodies war and the procrastination of the fall of the dollar you're getting fuked up the arse i don't know what that means dude um there's look from where i'm sitting there's a whole bunch of kovid brain going around
Do I know anyone that died from a heart attack?
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seum technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it necessarily from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
And if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a marine and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the diffuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the diffuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So there was a grant that was proposed to the DOD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of, we need to build a vaccine against this, because if we can do it, the Chinese can do it kind of thing.
And the DOD turned down the grant because they thought it was too fucking crazy.
You'll have something to leak from this.
But as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
You've got like $30 million in grants from NIH.
You don't apply with a grant not having done 80% of it.
It's just, you're looking for the last 20%.
Because you just can't.
The grant process is so grueling and so competitive that in order for you to succeed, you have to have all this preliminary data that shows we can get Xed on, we've demonstrated this piece, we've demonstrated this piece.
Now we just need to do this last piece.
And in that diffuse proposal, they had used particular restriction enzymes.
These are enzymes that cut at particular sequences in DNA.
Those are important because they help guide the way that you cut and paste DNA together.
So imagine if you're cutting and pasting a Word document, but your highlighter to highlight what sentence you want to cut can only start and end with certain letters.
Those are what restrictions are.
So imagine you can only cut and paste where there's a the.
So you would have to then build a paragraph knowing that the paragraphs that have sentences that start with the, we're going to cut with this enzyme.
And the ones that have sentences that start with maybe, we have another enzyme with things that start with their, which is a couple more letters onto the, right?
And we're going to use those enzymes to cut here.
Testing one, two, test, test one, two.
It's a spectacular commitment to lies.
That's all you need to do.
That's all Kevin McKernan is, is a man spectacularly committed to a great big lie.
And once you see it, you can't unsee it, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, look, JC on a bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, timeout JC on a bike.
JC on a bike.
It's J.C.
on the bike.
on the bike, yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chump needs banning, and I know just the one.
Look it round.
It's J.C.
on the bike.
Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD, and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
In condition that we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged,
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
Now, Dr. Gallin, Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was that?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
But one thing I am confident of, from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
A stained soul cringes at the small details in the mirror of embarrassment.
You've done got your power, thinkin' everything's fine.
Givin' yourself credit, sayin' about what's next.
No egos underwater I see you in your fancy hair Ain't no ego Never an ego No egos under You're a man of position Go clean off that land
All the folks that knew you are going to say farewell.
Everything is
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media.
That's just a military social control software suite.
And we love our neighbors.
We know who they are, and we take care of them.
We have a lot of neighbors on the internet, too, and we need to build that neighborhood as well.
But make sure you're talking to your neighbors, you have friends with your neighbors, you know who your neighbors are.
It's going to become important in the next few years.
I assure you it is going to become very, very important in the next few years for you to know your neighbors and for them to trust you.
Welcome to the show.
I'm a little goofing up on the music because I was going to play something else and then I decided I wanted to start with a little bit more uplifting business.
And then I've been daydreaming here and what should have happened there was that.
And then I would be over here and I would just be able to go something like this.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the voice you hear, Jonathan Cooey, a chief biologist out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I am also, my stuff is a lot of on this sub stack called Woodhouse 76.
I don't have direct editing access, but they do use a lot of my ideas over to argue with Claire Craig and Pierre Corey and Mike Eden.
and even Jay Bhattacharya, a good friend of mine, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., also a good friend of mine.
We had a nice relationship while we wrote this book, Wuhan Cover-Up, or I helped him write that.
You are now at gigaohmbiological.com, stream.gigaohm.bio.
or GigaOMBiological on Twitch, thanks for being here, RNA cannot pandemic, intramuscular injections are dumb, and transfection is and always was a crime in healthy people.
The population pyramid is a real problem that they are
managing and I'm playing around with this introduction and how to start it and mix it up during the week.
If you want to be notified that I'm going to go on sometime or not go on sometime, you can get notified by sending an email to gigaohmhq at proton.me.
If you put notify me in the subject, that would help my wife out a lot.
Biology is the way, welcome to the show.
We're going to start with a video that will maybe be familiar with a lot of people.
I was on the Kim Iverson show a couple weeks ago, a couple, two, three weeks ago now, and I can't even really remember
If it went anywhere, if anybody even watched it on YouTube.
But she does move from subject to subject.
I guess I'm not really on the screen.
She does move from subject to subject.
She moves from satanic kid cults, to the vaccine, to yesterday or the day before she just interviewed a guy who's like a communist with four passports around the world.
Um, I don't, I don't really know what's going on on social media, except that the truth is not freely available.
And the more financial support that somebody gets on the internet, the more likely it is that they are part of a limited spectrum of debate wittingly or unwittingly.
if they pay you enough to take a rumble contract and to interview the people that provide that list of people that you're going to interview so that you can provide that regular content, maybe provide you with an editor or provide you with a sound guy or maybe even somebody who does your social media, now all of a sudden
It's more difficult to say well today I I guess I have to interview such-and-such and so-and-so and then they get to say whatever they say and Sure, you can push back with a snarky comment or two But the better these people are with their limited spectrum of debate their narrative their little talking points the better this all goes and so with regard to
watching other people's content, understand that what I'm trying to do is function as a kind of filter so that you can hear what I might hear and see what I might see when these people are very carefully walking around the elephant in the room, which is never the elephant in the room that they're talking about.
They always have an elephant.
Um, but it's not the one that's not the real one.
It never is.
Um, and so let's see, um, how badly Kim fumbles the ball here on the illusion that Casey means is some kind of a bad guy and understand from the perspective of
From the perspective of how I feel about this, I do think that she's probably an unwitting participant in the sense of she's a media person.
She wants to be on TV.
She was told a couple of years ago that the new TV is going to be the internet.
The new TV might be Rumble or Rockin' or Rolfkin or Locals or whatever.
And if you want to be ahead of this, you better get a sub stack.
You better start putting stuff here, there and get a contract, which she did.
And there are a lot of people who fit right into this bubble where the new media, the new way that the narrative is gonna be controlled is on social media.
And why is that?
Well, because that's a global reach kind of thing.
That's not the local newscaster anymore, trying to step from ABC 11 in Pittsburgh or whatever it is.
I don't know if ABC is four.
and maybe NBC News is 11, I don't even know.
But, you know, to step from the local station to the regional station or to the national station, that's how news people thought of themselves.
They didn't think of themselves so much as reporters.
journalists anymore, but just as people who were going to get in that chair and read that teleprompter and do it well.
And that was okay.
It was a joke on Seinfeld that she wants to be an actor or a dancer or a newscaster.
And so this is just
Nothing against her, but she wants to be in the media.
She likes to be in the media.
You could say that I might like to be in the media.
I certainly don't mind doing this, but what I like about it is very different.
What I like about it is the thing that I'm doing when I do this, and when I do this, and when I do this.
I like this.
I think this is cool to set it up.
That's why, you know, I have,
an obscene number, oh wait, whoa, see, I can set it up and I don't even know how to run it.
I have an obscene number of old Japanese, you know, weird combinations of optics.
Look at this thing.
And the picture that it makes, if it's, if they're good, I get obsessed with little things like that.
And unfortunately for these bad guys, setting up a stream rig and operating it with skill is a,
was it's a joke.
Like this is easy.
You know, the most annoying thing is, is when somebody's driver updates without my permission.
Like the other than that, like that's why that making fun of this is what I find hilarious.
This person has multiple people helping her and she can't pull off the production that I can pull off live.
I mean, think about that for a second.
These people are in really big trouble because with very little support, actually the support necessary for a family of five to rent a house in Pittsburgh, this show can go on.
I mean, think about that, ladies and gentlemen.
This show right here might need $25,000 a month and it might pull in $25,000 a month with all of its supporters and the number of ad reads she does.
The number of viewers she gets, I don't know what she can sell her ad reads for, but I'm sure it ain't cheap.
And so this is a bologna sandwiches and juice box kind of operation here.
And I'm very proud of it.
That we don't require much more than $40,000 a year to run.
And our taxes prove it.
And so while all these other people are traveling the world and doing all this stuff, this is all happening because me and my wife and my kids believe in each other.
And more importantly, they believe in Papa.
I don't know what this is, but I know that this is influenced by lots and lots of different people and money and ulterior motives.
And if you support Gigaohm Biological at gigaohmbiological.com, you're supporting five people.
And by keeping those five people okay, this stream happens all the time, forever.
And it's only gonna get better.
Can you imagine a scenario where Gigaohm Biological had an AM radio station?
Holy shit.
Guess who's a ham radio operator for the last, I don't know, is it 12 years?
I got certified in Norway, so I don't really remember.
Yeah, that's right.
I took the ham radio licensing in Norway and passed in Norwegian.
Let's go with this one.
For those of you watching this on YouTube, we had to make some edits to this segment in order for us to try to evade the censors.
We're not allowed to have common sense conversations on YouTube when it comes to certain topics.
So the episode, this segment has not been edited.
We've just muted certain words.
You'll probably figure out what that word is.
the V word, we had to mute that word throughout to hopefully try to evade sensors, but it's still probably going to be demonetized.
We're just hoping I don't get hit with a strike.
We'll find out.
I hope I don't get a strike.
What a joke.
Okay, so right there we started with what I would consider to be an assumption.
A huge rift has evolved in the Maha movement thanks to the nomination of Casey Means.
I want to suggest to you that if you're going to use social media safely,
then you need to understand that the opening statement already needs to be put under the highest scrutiny because that opening statement is not just something that she pulled out of her head right now.
A huge rift has evolved or what?
I'm going to play it again because I want to know exactly what words she used because that's how I think you should think about it too.
I got to go back over here.
Paul Shanahan coming out swinging, saying, mute that word throughout to hopefully try to evade censors.
But it's still probably going to be demonetized.
We're just hoping I don't get hit with a strike.
We'll find out.
Well, a huge divide has formed in the Maha movement over Trump's latest nominee for U.S.
Surgeon General, Dr. A huge divide.
Now, what that implies is that there's a huge engagement, like a lot of people give a shit.
And I don't think that that's true.
I apologize for this.
You know, I'm an adult.
I'm going to talk to you like an adult sometimes.
And occasionally the S word might come out because that's kind of how I talk.
And I apologize if that offends anybody here.
But that's what's happening.
We are being told what to think.
Even if she doesn't understand that she's telling us what to think, or the people that wrote her script are telling her what to think, us what to think, that's what's happening.
So there's supposed to be a huge divide all around this woman.
And what will that divide cause?
A discussion about this woman.
by design.
So this is obviously something that they want us to talk about.
So how are we going to talk about it, Kim?
What's the script?
We're going to go over why Dr. Casey Means is controversial and why some in the Maha movement love her and others absolutely do not.
First, here's Trump's announcement.
It says,
So what I'm arguing again or trying to, I don't know if this is coaching, I guess it is coaching, it's social media coaching.
I want you to see that she is trying to tell you that people out there on social media agree that this is important.
So here's Donald Trump's announcement and we'll start here because that's where everybody else is starting.
Can you see it yet?
I just hope you see what I'm trying to show you here.
Make sure I got all my stuff warmed up.
Okay.
Casey has impeccable Maha credentials and will work closely with our wonderful Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to ensure... By the way, I wanted to let you know that I found something on eBay the other day and I'm wearing them right now and I'm really excited about it.
I'm going to try and wear clothing on the JC on a hardwood videos that are from the before time.
And these, I found a collection of Charlotte Bobcats.
That's an actual NBA team from the before time.
And I even got their shorts on right now, which is just so, so super cool because like nobody has this stuff anymore.
And it's actually a team that I think, as far as I understand it, Michael Jordan bought when they were the Bobcats and then it became the Charlotte Hornets.
It's a long story.
But anyway, these are clothes from the before time.
So they have like pre-coronavirus coronaviruses built into them.
It's sweet.
were a successful implementation of our agenda in order to reverse the chronic disease epidemic and ensure great health in the future for all Americans.
Her academic achievements, together with her life's work, are absolutely astounding.
Dr. Casey Means has the potential to be one of the first Surgeon Generals in the United
I see somebody in the chat already understands it.
I wonder if I can slap the chat up here for a second.
He says, you mean Grady means his daughter?
And actually that's part of what this is happening here, right?
That's what's part of what's happening here is a
a sort of focus on her.
I saw a whole video on YouTube yesterday that said that she was a witch, and that there were all these things that she, code words that she used for all the witch rituals that she did, which might be true, but that gets, it gets us arguing about those ideas.
It starts to get us to argue about whether witches exist and whether these new age people are real and whether those ideas are legitimate or not.
And so you're spending time thinking about that the moment you go down the rabbit hole of Dr. Casey means, which is remarkable because again, if you remember the whole idea is for them every day, trying to waste as many of your thoughts as they can.
That's the simplest explanation for social media.
It is a means by which they can waste your thoughts.
They can get you to go down rabbit holes.
Oh my gosh, that term is so ridiculous.
Here we go.
It's in United States history.
No, sorry.
Dr. Casey means has the potential to be one of the finest surgeon generals in United States history.
Congratulations to Casey.
Secretary Kennedy looks forward to working with I didn't see that civil war.
I guess that maybe she is doing some of her own production.
Dr. Jeanette Nishawut in another capacity at HHS.
The other doctor was the original nominee for Surgeon General, but then is moved and now they're doing.
The original one was a Fox host.
Come on.
Now they've nominated Dr. Casey Means.
And he goes on to say, thank you for your attention to this matter.
Okay.
So, um,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
also, of course, had his own announcement.
This is what he said.
He says, the Surgeon General is a symbol of moral authority who stands against the financial and institutional gravities that tend to corporatize medicine.
I really wonder if that's an accurate characterization of what the Surgeon General post was originally designed to do.
And I will confess that I have not yet researched that enough to understand.
But it's I think it's a little bit more like of an ambassador more than anything else.
Casey means was born to hold this job She will provide our country with ethical guidance wisdom and gold standard medical advice even when it challenges popular orthodoxies She will be a juggernaut against the ossified medical Conventions that have helped make our people the sickest in the world at the highest cost per capita Casey is a breath of fresh air and we can't wait for her to get her start at HHS gov Thank You President Trump for nominating this outstanding woman but
Not everybody's thrilled.
So you got Donald Trump.
But not one person has had any meaningful discussion about who got appointed to the head of the CDC.
Nobody's talking about who got appointed to the US Department of Agriculture.
Nobody's talking about that at all.
Everybody's got all their mind off of Jay Bhattacharya now.
Oh, who cares if Jay Bhattacharya is at NIH?
We gotta argue about Casey now.
Who cares?
They're not talking about secretary Kennedy anymore.
We're talking about Casey means while Robert F. Kennedy is still the head of the FDA.
Marty McCarry is still the head of the FDA.
Sorry.
And, and he's the head of HHS and, and Jay Bhattacharya is at NIH and we're already moving on.
The wheel has already turned.
And look how much agreement there is across the internet that this is the important thing.
The Secretary General is like, it's an important post.
How can we possibly have her there?
making the announcement saying this is great for the Maha movement, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
coming out saying she's great, but we've got some major players inside the Maha movement that are saying, uh-uh, this is not good.
Here is Nicole Shanahan.
This is Trump, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's VP pick.
She largely funded his campaign.
She largely funded his campaign, and now she's relevant, apparently.
She went from being nobody
but somebody's wife, as I understood it, to being a rich somebody who funded his campaign.
And now apparently Kim and Steve Bannon and all these people think that her input and her ideas are really at the forefront.
I mean, she is so brilliant.
And my big criticism with Nicole when he chose her as VP is one, none of us had ever heard of her.
Two, my biggest, well, and two, the fact that she had funded his campaign, she was his largest donor.
So it just looked like- I'm sorry, I'm gonna put this chat up there.
I question this six girl.
I question the idea that she was the mom of a Vax kid.
I just found an interview this morning where I listened to her talking about how she has a friend
whose kid was injured, and talking about advocating for that friend, and it seemed very much like there was no connection between them.
And so the connection, I think, with regard to
with Nicole is that Nicole has claimed to have a kid with autism, not a kid that's vaccine injured, although I could be wrong.
And I would be very skeptical of it at this point, because she's not stuck to that narrative very strongly.
And that could be private.
I'm totally down with that.
Or it could be that she didn't have one of these profound autism kids.
And so again, we're dealing with something here where people are not being honest about what it is that happened, what it is that they know, what it is that they've experienced, but they're getting on this either dumb, simple, you know, narrative about autism and autism spectrum disorder is real and it's caused by vaccines or glyphosate or toxic something or other.
Right?
That's the only thing that they can possibly be on and that autism is real.
It's, it's remarkable.
I'm just, I'm flabbergasted at what happened over the last few days and what people said.
She'd bought her way in, you know, it's just politics as usual.
Somebody pays a lot of money and they get a big slot in the cabinet.
So that was a criticism.
But my biggest criticism.
No, I'm not, I'm not dissing the person in my chat, of course, I'm having a discussion with her.
She's been here a lot.
And so I respect her opinion a lot.
And I just wanted to be
I want to be hyper aware of the fact that skepticism is never inappropriate at this point.
You know, it's a little harsh skepticism of me, please, please.
Some of her more than anything was that she hadn't been battle tested.
And what I meant by that was we didn't know how she would be when like shit hits the fan.
Is she going to actually stand her ground or is she going to cave to pressure?
And I got to say, Nicole has proven herself.
She is now officially battle tested.
She stands up against anybody and it doesn't matter who it is.
She's battle tested now.
Remember that during the campaign, we have a video of Nicole Shanahan arguing for all of the medical data all around the world to be put together into one collection so that we can solve the chronic disease problem around the world.
She said that.
So it's strange that over the next 20 minutes or so, we're going to listen to her say that Casey means had a company that's harvesting biometric data.
I would argue that right now, genetic data and medical data is far more valuable than biometric data.
It may be that someday they would like to have biometric data or they make it a device that's really useful and tracks a lot of stuff, but the idea that
the data thereafter is the stuff in your Fitbit is just a joke.
Like, I'm sorry, I don't want to, you know, correct me if I'm wrong, feel free to send me all kinds of bad emails.
But I don't think any of these devices really matter yet.
It is an illusion that they're going to collect all this data via devices when they're collecting it via swabs, they're collecting it by a by a remnant, and they're collecting it by computer.
And they don't need your heart rate from your iPhone, even though they get it.
They don't need your temperature from your iPhone, even though they get it.
What they really want is your entire medical record and a regular swab.
They want you to be available for testing in the future.
That's what this is about.
including Bobby Kennedy, this is what she wrote.
This is in response to Dr. Suzanne Humphreys writing, Dr. Jack Kruse tried to tell us Mary Talley Bowen was on the podcast too.
She knows the deal with means, which I'm going to.
So there, there she is saying that, that she is saying, Oh no, that's the wrong book.
She is saying that the author of Dissolving Illusions, Suzanne Humphreys, pointed out that Dr. Jack Cruz and Mary Talley Bowden were on a podcast where they discussed her brother.
And they laid it all out.
You know, the podcast that we did on Friday, Something About Mary, that exact podcast was promoted by
Suzanne Humphries, you know the one that's in the video with Brandy Vaughn?
The one that had a book in 2013 and then hasn't really done anything with her co-author except for over and over again tweet the chart and say something like, why do we need vaccines when they went away before vaccines?
And they just leave it at that for 10 or 12 years.
They just left it at that.
They were never able to say that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting a healthy human is not medicine.
They couldn't say it.
They still don't say it.
And yet now they're being promoted by Kim Iverson as part of this group of people on one side of this division in Maha.
And so the relevant voices so far are Nicole Shanahan, Suzanne Humphries, Mary Talley Bowden, and Jack Krause.
We need to get this video and the video previous to this one to Mary Talley Bowden so that she understands the trap that she's in.
And we cannot expect Kim to get out of this trap when her job is to be open and listening to every person that she's paid to interview.
to show you that podcast clip that Dr. Suzanne Humphries is talking about, because it gives us an understanding of why people are so against Casey Means.
She says, let's see how this all pans out.
I can't help but then think this is a very carefully groomed and selected person, just about no clinical experience, talks a great game about everything, but feels all wrong.
Why?
There were so many- It's so fake that she's muting out vaccines.
Like it's just so fake.
But it's nice because what does that mean?
It means that vaccines are a taboo subject.
That means vaccines must be real.
The assumption of this whole thing is that vaccines is a protected topic, worth protecting with lots of science behind it.
The other side is very, it's all about creating this myth and vaccines are a myth.
They are a myth that hide the fact that intramuscular injection is not medicine.
They are a myth that is hidden by autism.
Autism is a myth that hides that intramuscular injection is not medicine.
It's a nasty hamster wheel that people like Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker have actively engaged in trapping hundreds, if not thousands of autistic parents in.
pretending that they were gonna soon make progress.
And ultimately, it may not be Brian's fault or Merrill's fault.
They may have believed in Robert F. Kennedy Jr., may have believed in Mary Holland, or may have believed in Aaron Seery or Hordell Bigtree, but the bottom line is, is that their track record belies sabotage.
It belies traitorous sabotage.
And it means that thousands of children every year were injured when they could have been saved from this methodology a decade ago.
Polly Tommy, Andrew Wakefield, all part of the same fake health freedom movement that has grown into what they now call Maha.
And all it is is a way to get as many cats as possible to run in circles and vote when they're told.
It's nothing more, and they're selling supplements to those cats.
And they're wasting the cat's time on podcast after podcast after podcast where no one will ever tell them.
any better choices.
And Nicole is responding to that.
And this is what she says.
Yes, it's very strange.
Doesn't make any sense.
I was promised that if I supported RFK Jr.
in a Senate confirmation, that neither of these siblings would be working under HHS or in an appointment that people much more qualified would be.
I don't know if RFK very clearly lied to me or what's going on.
It has been clear in recent conversations that he is reporting to someone regularly who is controlling his decisions, and it isn't President Trump.
With regards to the siblings, there is something very artificial and aggressive about them, almost like they were bred and raised Manchurian assets.
Wow, Nicole has come out swinging.
She even calls out Bobby, says he's not taking orders from Trump.
He's taking orders from someone else and we don't know who it is, but she doesn't like it.
And so what is it?
Could it be Robert Malone or Kevin McKernan?
And maybe it's Gavin DeBecker.
Gavin DeBecker is his best friend who runs his security company.
You know the security company that he had to pay all that debt off with?
After Trump got elected, he was still sending emails around saying that he had campaign debt from all the security that the government wouldn't provide him.
But what he didn't tell you was that his best friend, Gavin DeBecker, is the guy who provided that security.
So what?
This guy with a high level international security company that, you know, provides security for his buddy.
Also, it's like, what, really?
Who is he listening to?
I don't know.
But it's been a Truman show for probably 25 or 30 years now with people whispering in his ear, calling and telling him how smart he is and what his destiny is.
And he's been believing it because what else are you going to do when the state killed your dad and uncle?
It's remarkable where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
America needs help.
We need help waking up to see where we are so that we can come together as Americans and shed this skin.
I don't wanna use their own term here, but our own terms or our own ideas, but we have to, as an American country, we have to shed this skin, this dead skin that we've been wearing for the last two decades, ever since we decided that we didn't understand biology anymore and it didn't matter.
it about Dr. Kali means that people don't like.
Here's some other criticisms of her inside of the Maha movement.
Here's Dr. Henry Ely saying, if you want a woman that believes in 24 hour metabolic surveillance by AI, and who has no tangible clinical experience, and whose family has ties to the Rockefellers, and who was as silent as a church mouse in 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023.
Now that's an interesting critique because in 2020, in 2021, in 2022, there were a lot of people who were silent as a church mouse.
More importantly, in 2020 and 2021, there were people that were so dead on balls narrative, so certain that they knew what was happening that in retrospect, it's kind of odd.
especially since they've made no progress since 2020 when they were sure the spike protein was amyloidogenic, pre-onogenic, you know, all this stuff with the fear and cleavage site and then the inserts and the yada, yada, yada.
Those people haven't learned anything.
They haven't progressed at all.
They haven't started to understand the big picture at all because they're exactly on script.
And so it's a very funny statement for her to read, a very funny statement for her to highlight, because it doesn't turn the camera on herself.
What was she doing in 2020?
Did she have any principles in 2021?
Or was she just reporting what she was told to report?
Because when I was told to shut up,
I got fired because I didn't shut up.
And that was from a US med school.
And then when I was told to shut up by Mary Holland and Brian Hooker about talking about Robert Malone, I didn't shut up and then they fired me.
It's funny because then in 2024, Jay Bhattacharya told me that he was maybe gonna get NIH director and that I should stop talking about Robert Malone.
And I didn't, but he got NIH director.
So something was right.
And here we are.
And so I am nuts.
I know I'm nuts.
I see all kinds of stuff in this that isn't real.
organization that's funded by Bill Gates, Biden, Clinton, and WHO, or WHO, I don't know if he means who, or then this is a MAGA, MAHA pick from heaven.
So he's making fun of this, saying this is not a good pick, that she's got all these crazy ties to all kinds of globalist sorts of agendas.
Another criticism inside the MAHA movement, Dr. Mary Talley Bowen, she says,
Secretary Kennedy was used to win an election.
Last week, RFK told Dr. Kelly Victory she was the new pick for Surgeon General.
I was with her last weekend and she told me and others Kelly was passed over because of her outspoken stance against the mRNA shots.
Clearly, RFK has no power.
is what Mary Talley Bowen is saying.
Funny that she's there with Kelly Victory, who I also know has worked for a long time with Dr. Drew.
I was actually on a private stream with Kelly Victory in 2022, also with a guy by the name of Harvey Reich.
We had a very, very fiery argument about things in 2022.
And unfortunately that was a private discussion, but it was remarkable the kinds of things that they would just ignore as I presented them.
Anyway, again, Mary doesn't need to be a witting participant.
She just has to be surrounded by people who are witting participants, and she'll never see through it, just like I didn't see through it.
Allison, I got your letter.
I won't say anymore.
You have very nice handwriting.
Thank you very much.
And I will send a sticker for your laptop.
I have plenty left, so that should be no problem.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to keep this going.
And here's another criticism coming from the Maha movement.
So you could just see this war that's going on.
Dr. Colleen Huber says, I was picked to be an HHS advisor back in December.
Others were promised even higher positions.
We all had told the truth about and during COVID.
We told the truth about both childhood and COVID.
We've all been sidelined at this point.
And Dr. Henry Ely responded.
What is the truth about vaccines, both childhood and COVID vaccines?
What is the truth that that is across both of them?
Because I don't think they're saying it.
What would be that truth that they also hurt people?
They're not totally great.
Well, they work.
But what would the truth really be?
Do you see it?
It's just one big show.
It's crazy.
That also saying I was picked to got the call the day after the election ghosted not too long after 100% true.
So a lot of people inside the Maha movement have been calling paying attention and specifically to the to mRNAs.
They're all feeling sidelined and they're feeling like this, this particular pick of Dr. Casey means
Not to be confused with, she's got a brother, so there's the two Means siblings, and this is who Nicole Shanahan was talking about, is that there's Dr. Casey Means, who's now the Surgeon General pick, and her brother, Dr. Callie Means, and they often appear together on podcasts.
They're often, they're like thing one and thing two.
They're often shown as a pair, but she's the one who ended up getting the nomination.
So what is it about them that people don't like?
Not everybody in the ma movement is feeling this way though.
There's actually a lot of support for Dr. Casey Means.
In fact, Nicole Shanahan, this has been pointed out that she even once supported them.
She even said, this is back in September of 2024.
So not that long ago, six months ago or so, six, seven, eight months ago.
She says, Callie and Dr. Casey means siblings on a mission to end corruption and help make America healthy again.
So Nicole Shanahan at one point liked them and even touted them as part of the Maha movement.
And this is in response to Callie means the brother saying, remember, it's kind of confusing because Callie is kind of traditionally a female name and Casey is more male, I suppose, but actually Casey's the females.
Think about how much time she's already wasted.
And what have we learned?
What is the main crux of the issue?
Who she is?
What is the job?
What the job does?
Is the job irrelevant?
Well apparently none of these things are important.
We just have to understand all these irrelevant details and we also have to digest these irrelevant people.
It's remarkable.
Sibling and Callie's the male sibling.
So just kind of keep that straight in your heads.
So Dr. Callie means says, remember the Tufts food compass that said lucky charms are healthier than beef.
This, the studies author is now being paid directly by Ozempic prescribers and educating Congress that injection for kids are the road to know.
So he goes on and has this tweet and she's, she's, um, saying, yeah, you know, this is the, the, the means siblings are out there on a mission.
to end corruption and help make America healthy again.
So what changed, Nicole?
What changed?
Why are you now so viscerally against them?
Why are you calling them Manchurian candidates when at one point you liked them for the Maha movement?
We're going to get into exactly what it is that Nicole and others are paying attention to.
And it's a nuance.
It's not as prominent as you might think.
Here's Dr. Robert Malone.
He is supporting Dr. Casey Means.
He's saying, who is Casey?
Okay, now, of course, you see putting Robert Malone out in the forefront as a prominent thought leader in the Maha movement.
And again, this is a direct admission.
even an indirect tie to Robert Malone is a direct admission that you are part of this team.
Just like, I mean, Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone are two central players in the biological illusion of the pandemic and making sure that all these other monkeys on the internet are staying to the script.
And they are for sure the writers of most of this script.
I would bet my entire, I am betting my family's future on that fact because I'm so sure it's true.
means extreme elements in the Maha base have a freak out moment.
Let's say that Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone are as close to me coming to identify the people who are responsible for this narrative.
If you said that you have to be wrong because there are lots of people with much more power behind them that we'll never see, of course, fine with me, that's fine.
But what I'm talking about is the shuffleboard of monkeys on the stage that we've been,
forced to pay attention to, that she's been forced to pay attention to, that we've all been forced to pay attention to.
Why?
Because we choose to use social media to find our information.
And so if we just go there willy-nilly and wait for what the algorithm or what the programming gives us on YouTube or on Rumble or whatever, then we're always going to get a La Familia ad.
We're always going to get a nonsense
show you're never going to get gig on biological or housatonic live or joe marshall and the liberty perspective it's just not going to happen read the essay here he also tweeted the only reason why the pandemic was possible is because of social media prove me wrong
out earlier yesterday or today saying that, you know, he, do you remember that campaign where they're like all of these social media accounts suddenly came out at the same time and they were all promoting like Coca-Cola or something.
They all kind of seemed to have the same sort of message suddenly.
And then it turned out there was a right wing paid op, you know, where they were paying a thousand dollars to all of these social media influencers.
People are supposed to be independent.
People are supposed to be telling the truth.
And so they were all taking a bunch of money and they're all... Bebe!
I got it.
Uh, thanks for the, for the package.
All posting the exact same post.
So Robert Malone was actually accusing all of the Maha people who've been calling out Dr. Kasey Means, saying they don't like her.
He was saying he wonders if that's another op like that.
Like Big Pharma is, or somebody is behind
trying to get rid of Dr. Casey Means as Surgeon General, and paying all of these Maha influencers, essentially, to just tout against her.
That's one of his tweets that he was insinuating.
And then he follows up with this essay that he wrote on who is Dr. Casey Means.
Who is Dr. Casey Means?
Let's read some of his article so that we kind of have a background information about it.
Because some people are saying, well, she's not qualified.
For one, not only is she not really Maha, she's like a Manchurian candidate or a plant to... The biggest criticism is that those in the Maha movement believe Dr. Casey Means is someone who is meant to divert attention.
make you think they're in the movement, make you think that they're on your side, but in reality they're diverting attention away from the main goal and instead towards something else.
And I'll show you exactly what they mean by that.
Others are pointing out, and on top of that, this diversion tactic.
On top of that, she dropped out of residency, so she's not a practicing physician.
She's never been a surgeon, never been a practicing doctor.
She doesn't have any clinical experience whatsoever, and usually the US Surgeon General is somebody who's actually been a practicing physician or surgeon for a long time, and Dr. Casey Means has never been that because she dropped out of residency, so she became more on the research side of things.
So Robert Malone, Dr. Robert Malone, who's coming out defending her, says, I've been saddened today by all the attacks on Casey Means.
Part of that, I suppose, is that the very same people who should be glad to support her nomination for Surgeon General instead have focused on attacking her.
Some of those attacks are clearly aimed at taking down MAHA, MAGA, Secretary Kennedy, and President Donald Trump.
Dr. Means did not just burst into the public sphere like some sort of meteor with the publication of her book, Good Energy in 2024.
So she wrote a book about good energy where it really is the premise of the book.
The whole book is really about how our systems are, I'm just kind of summarizing and I think this is accurate, but the basics is that it's about how we're being poisoned by all of these various elements around us from food to just
you know, maybe cell phones.
I mean, I'm not... I'm just kind of rattling stuff off, so I could be totally wrong on what they cite in the book or in her brother's cite in that book, Good Energy.
But, well, maybe we should just look it up real quick so that we can know.
Let's just see what it says on... I mean, really, can you not see it?
How much time we've wasted, how much progress she doesn't make, because every... everyone has to be different.
Oh, nice.
Somebody just sent me a learn the risk thing.
Oh, that's awesome.
So cool.
Thank you very, very much.
I did not have it, Arno.
I appreciate it very much.
BB, Arno, Brian, and Allison today out of the PO box.
Thank you guys very, very much.
I got to rearrange that somehow.
That's really nice.
Thanks.
How's the review on Amazon real quick?
She's reading the Amazon review.
Oops, I had to check that for a second.
limitless health.
What if depression, anxiety, infertility, insomnia, heart disease, erectile dysfunction, type two diabetes, Alzheimer's, dementia, cancer, and many other health conditions that torture and shorten our lives actually have the same root cause our ability to prevent and reverse these conditions and feel incredible today is under our control and simpler than we think.
The key is our metabolic function.
Now keep in mind this is on YouTube.
My video with her is not on YouTube in any form, not even in a short form where she deletes all the words.
Just remember that.
It got on Rumble, but who cares?
Rumble is the trap.
I mean, if you went to Rumble to see me, then you already used the media that they want you to use, that they're trying to divide people on and become relevant from YouTube.
There's a little struggle there going on, sure.
but it's all people struggling at the table where the food is available.
It's just a question of who grabbed the drumstick first.
This is absolutely where we are right now.
This is what the hamster wheel looks like on the internet.
And you can go on the left and you can see them talking about her too.
They might not mention Robert Malone.
They might mention Paul Offit or they might mention, it's remarkable.
how easy it is to see right now and how easy it is to show it to your kids.
Chen, the most important and least understood factor in our overall health.
As Dr. Casey Means explains in this groundbreaking book, nearly every health problem we face can be explained by how well the cells in our body create and use energy.
To live free from frustrating symptoms and life-threatening disease, we need our cells to be optimally powered so that they can create good energy, the essential fuel that impacts every aspect of our physical and mental wellbeing.
Yeah, she used to have gummies that were called Mitochews or something like that to make your mitochondria healthier.
You could take gummies to make your mitochondria healthier.
She sold gummies to make your mitochondria healthier.
And so goes into saying that there's like diet and sleep and chemicals, and there's all of these things that are screwing up with our metabolic health.
So it's important you know this and understand this aspect of it, because this all plays into why people are upset about this particular pic.
Now you might think when you hear that, well, yeah.
It is there for the whole video, which is remarkable.
I mean, that's remarkable.
Sounds good.
I like her talking about that.
It's true.
The food is poisoning us.
We're probably being poisoned by all of this high-tech stuff that we're inundating ourselves with all the time.
It's true that probably a lot of screen time and not getting proper light, you know, and screwing up with our circadian rhythms, it's probably all screwing with our metabolic health, right?
You might feel like, what's the problem here?
Why is this an issue?
Sounds good to me.
I like all of these things that she's saying.
I agree, right?
Okay.
I'm not saying that.
But again, that's not her message.
Her message is you might be saying that.
It makes sense to say that.
And that's the enchantment.
She might not know that she is enchanting you, but her script writers definitely know.
He goes on to say in his article that he writes in defense of Dr. Casey Means, says that Dr. Casey Means has long been a spokesperson in the metabolic health community.
I was told that the 5K event was very rainy.
They couldn't put out the posters, but there were people there and it was loud music.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't think that it was optimal.
But I think every time those people get together, I think it's probably a worthwhile event.
It's probably very exhausting.
I can't imagine.
I think he did a show on it, though, Jeff.
which is one element of the Maha movement.
She has long been on the Editorial Advisory Board of the International Journal of Disease Reversal and Prevention, as noted at the end of her 2020 article in The Hill titled, Healthy Food, the Unexpected Medicine for COVID-19 and National Security.
And in that 2020 article, she wrote, from the perspective of science and national security, the correct strategy is clear.
All Americans need to eat healthier foods, lose weight, and get into good physical shape.
All of this supports immunity.
It's well established.
I mean, can you imagine a scenario where a national security state that understood the DNA vaccines were the only way that they could really get anything to work?
but they also knew that they had to be personalized.
They also knew that they had to be made in extremely small batches because you can't make large quantities of DNA purely, and certainly not remove all the toxins that are there when you use recombinant DNA to do it.
Imagine that they saw this problem coming, saw the fact that the FDA would be in the way, knew that they had to create a national security priority over several decades,
that would prioritize injected medicine because in the end, they needed the American public or the American military to accept injected medicine as a standard so that in perpetuity, they could be used as laboratory animals in the exploration of how to take over and sculpt the evolution of the human species.
And so these people have been putting people in place to make sure that you never see that happening.
Instead, you're worried about Fitbit data.
Instead, you're worried about whether or not they're tracking you or not, or whether it's 5G and the Wi-Fi.
When in reality, it is access.
It is experimental access and it is full access.
They can swab you and they can inject you and they can insist on doing it.
That's where this goes.
Because then of course they can insist on implanting it.
And pandemics and autism and gain of function and even nuclear weapons are all mythologies that make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned, that the biosecurity threat of gain of function is never questioned.
and that public health is never questioned as a reason or as an answer.
And so this whole debate about Casey means never approaches
a useful question about why should public health ever be the answer, about what is real about virology, or what could be usefully intramuscularly injected and called medicine.
None of those questions will ever be asked by any of these people, but they will engage in a very vigorous performance for the next four years, for sure.
Obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and high blood pressure are largely preventable with healthy diet and lifestyle.
Okay.
So he cites more of the article, but I don't wanna read the whole thing.
I want you to get the gist of what she's about so that you could understand why the Maha movement is at civil war with her now.
You see what she's saying, talking about healthy food, right?
Talking about metabolic health.
That's what the book is about.
That's what her article's about.
Robert Malone goes on to say, over five years ago, she was writing about ultra processed foods in a national newspaper at a time when most Americans had never even heard of the word.
That shows a long commitment to this cause.
Five years ago?
You know what a long commitment to this cause is?
A really long commitment to this cause is over 20 years ago or 15 years ago being on billboards in a bra trying to sway 6 million votes to a certain prime minister in the UK using the claim of autism.
Now that's some serious commitment.
Five years ago, she was writing about processed foods when most Americans had never heard of it.
And that's Robert Malone's very relevant opinion, says Kim Iverson?
All you need to understand is that if your family and friends are not Trump voters, they have no idea that this is going on.
If your family and friends are not Trump voters, they have no idea that these debates and these people and these ideas are being discussed.
None whatsoever.
You're completely alone in this little bubble where Robert Malone matters to Kim Iverson and Nicole Shanahan matters to Glenn Beck.
and where Robert Malone and Alex Jones and Brett Weinstein and all of these people are all the same.
One malevolent team that has taken over a patriotic movement, a Christian right, a populist right, whatever it is, and put it all together into one big mix of cats running around in circles
And standing at the border of this circle of cats are all these people screaming and yelling and making funny noises and shaking little, little fake tails around and, and with laser pointers.
And so these cats are screwed.
Like no matter which way they run, there's cats and then there's these people.
And some of them like him, maybe they don't know.
They're just paid to wave the laser pointer around.
Yeah, the cats really like it.
Isn't it cool?
To Dr. Mark Hyman's work on preventing chronic disease through diet while finishing up her residency.
During that time, her mother was in the process of dying from cancer due to metabolic dysfunction.
Okay, so lots to do with metabolic dysfunction, lots to do with food.
Maybe you're getting the point at this point.
Maybe you're understanding why they're so mad about it.
So he goes on and he says this in his, now the naysayers in the health freedom movement and many influencers like to single out her family's progressive stances as a reason to disqualify her.
Her father, let me just show you this.
Laura Loomer pointed out the progressive stance.
Her dad is also a- Laura Loomer is somebody who was on thumbnails with Soap before the pandemic.
Soph is the internet phenomenon daughter of Sasha Latapova, also on team Robert Malone, and on team Mary Holland, and on team CHD, and on team Epoch Times.
She actually had the same little underscored, you know, whatever two thirds thing,
that Steve Bannon just had, American Thought Leaders.
Steve Bannon has that, and so does Sasha Latupova.
And her daughter, Soph, was a real internet phenomenon before the pandemic, on Alex Jones three times.
And now promoting Laura Loomer is essentially promoting a colleague of Soph, somebody who was in the same media circles, doing the same shtick.
for the same people, like getting paid to do it, right?
Because even back then, people were being put in place.
They were testing models out, see who would catch.
Milo, whatever his name is, was also in that same group of people at the beginning of the pandemic and just before.
Think about that, ladies and gentlemen.
Think about it.
You can see it.
Stefan Molyneux was also in that group of people.
Can you see it yet?
a doctor, and Laura Loomer wrote this tweet out and called attention to the fact that her dad had written a book that seemed to be trans-friendly.
So Laura says, do you and Casey means, her brother, do you and Casey means condemn your father, so I guess she's writing to Cali means, do you and Casey condemn your father for writing a book encouraging children to be transgender?
I don't want a surgeon general that isn't capable of condemning their own family member for pushing child mutilation.
Do you and your sister condemn your father?
And this is the, she cites this.
That's not a legitimate way for this to go.
And this is on X. So one of the other things that you see and should see here is that repeatedly in this broadcast, she is pulling her information directly from X. These posts are relevant.
This platform is relevant.
This platform can be used to glean useful information about our world and engage in a useful political debate because that is one of the assumptions of this program.
The truth is being given away, is being debated, is being discussed and developed on X according to Kim Iverson.
Also a Rumble supported person, right?
Rumble and X are kind of related by Musk and Teal, right?
So it's a strange thing if you can see it.
It's almost like they went to Trump and they said, you know, we can offer our services.
We have some services we can offer you.
And we can demonstrate that we can control the narrative.
Watch how we do it.
So their dad wrote a book called The Adventures of Felix the Flamingo.
And the book overview says, coming of age is difficult.
We're still not talking about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
We're not talking about Jay Bhattacharya.
We're not talking about Marty McCary.
We're not talking about Marty McCary's appointments.
We're not talking about who Jay Bhattacharya is appointing or hiring or what he's doing.
He's probably not doing anything.
He's probably just on Blaze News.
We're not talking about what Robert F. Kennedy is doing for Medicaid or Medicare.
We're not talking about the population pyramid.
We're not talking about anything relevant.
And this woman is paid not to talk about anything relevant.
She's paid to read the script and ask the questions that she is given, and she's probably paid very well.
All this
All this that you see here requires is a family of five to rent a house in Pittsburgh and make it, which isn't very much.
So what you see is quite remarkable.
I'm up against a media force field with orders of magnitude more monetary power.
I have nobody except for my wife doing the emailing and the notifications and whatever we do on Instagram.
That's it.
We don't have anything else because this is a one man show.
One family show.
How many families do you think her show supports?
How many families do you think all these fake podcasts on the internet support?
It ain't just one.
And they ain't renting their house.
in the same school district that the supposed would-be shooter of Donald Trump is from.
No, no, they're not.
I assure you, they're not.
I think actually Kim Iverson said the other day that she has two houses, one in Idaho and one somewhere else.
It's rough, it's rough.
Life transition for most children, but it can be particularly traumatic and confusing for many kids confused about- We're not talking about Steve Hadfield either, are we?
Holy man.
gender, and sexual identities, Felix begins to discover that he's an unusual bird who has lost his way.
Fortunately, he stumbles across.
And just to recover again and remember to remind you that what is this transgender debate about?
The transgender debate is a trap.
I'm going to go get my hat so I can show you precisely what I mean, OK?
I'm going to get it.
Right now, out there on the internet, there's this, you know, it's not their fault, okay?
I know what they're fighting for, I get the argument.
There's this thing out there called XYXX Athletics.
You probably can't even see that, but... Here, maybe I'll switch quickly over here.
And then I can use the button.
Oh!
Camera error, hello!
Look what happens when you goof around.
I gotta do that over.
There we go.
That should do it.
Please work.
Come on.
There we go.
Okay.
Sorry.
Again, I don't have a staff.
See XXY Athletics, you see that?
So they sell hats and I thought it was pretty cool because it's like biology and stuff, you know?
And the mistake that I made, it's not even really a mistake because getting the hat sent to me made me realize it.
When it got here and I was wearing it and I put it on and I saw myself in the camera and I thought, wait,
Did I just, did I just accept something?
And of course I did, right?
What I'm accepting is, is that sex is determined by genes.
And so you either argue on one side or the other, either sex is determined by genes or it's some kind of, you know, multifactorial process.
That's a combination of,
environmental and genetic causes that ultimately leads to a whole spectrum of genders.
I wonder if you can see the illusion that I'm getting at yet with regard to this whole thing.
Because Paul Offit agrees with James Lyons Weiler that autism is real and it is a the result of a complex combination of environmental
and genetic factors.
And while you think you're arguing that sex is men and women, what you're actually arguing is soon sex will be a combination of environmental and genetic causes.
And the only argument will be is what role do the genes play and how important is it?
Oh my goodness, ladies and gentlemen.
We are breaking free one stream at a time and I'm very happy to be helping you.
Cross the odd and curious Gale Bird who helps him on his personal journey to a great life.
Felix is a story for all children and many adults to help them along or to help them better appreciate others who may be having a more difficult, secret, often very lonely struggle.
So this is a children's book aimed at
trans, the trans movement, the trans issue.
And so people on the right who are very, very concerned about the trans agenda, the kids going on hormones and being transitioned, are like, wait a minute, why would you then nominate a surgeon general whose own father wrote a book for children, a children's book, helping them transition, helping them become mentally and emotionally fine with themselves and others transitioning?
Like, what in the world is going on here?
Um, and Kali means, uh, responds to this and says, this is insane.
Uh, sorry, this is not the right tweet.
Uh, this is the.
This is him actually defending his sister right here.
He's saying she's a Stanford educated physician.
She completed five years of residency She left the system to speak out She wrote a book about this that sold one and a half million copies to inspire others to leave the medical system and reform it She's the single best person in the world on connecting the dots behind our chronic disease crisis and a reason for existence is to help president reverse these trends she worked to encourage RFK to support Trump and
And we went on Joe Rogan with the specific intention to convince undecided Maha voters to support Trump.
So there he is kind of giving a breakdown as to why his sister is the right pick for the Surgeon General.
But he also responded to Laura Loomer and her post about the book.
So again, we're still drilling it into everybody that these conversations are only available on X. So if you really want to know what's going on in the town square, you're going to have to go to X, according to Kim Iverson, because she can produce a whole news program just from the shit that she reads there.
And what she doesn't even realize is that none of these posts need to be from these people.
I'm not saying they're not from those people, I'm just saying that at some point she needs to realize that a lot of that platform doesn't need to be real.
More importantly, what she sees on that platform does not need to be what anyone else sees.
And that means it's not fair, it's not safe, it's not reliable.
It's a military software suite designed to control people and to herd cats into as many different groups as possible and get them to behave exactly as predicted.
saying, do you condemn this?
And he said, this is insane.
This is a book my dad wrote eight years ago when a gay family friend was suicidal, has nothing to do with trans.
The assault on womanhood trans agenda with kids is demonic.
It's evil.
Casey and I have discussed these issues at length and the historic importance of Trump addressing it.
Casey is so passionate about it.
She's writing a book on the topic of womanhood.
So he's saying this is a ridiculous smear.
Uh, and you know, I do think it's an unfair smear, to be honest with you.
I don't think that we can be,
bringing up the opinions of our family members and then prescribing them on us.
How many of you, raise your hands, how many of you during COVID had a completely different viewpoint than your parents?
Is it fair to then bring out the fact that your parent was pro everybody get the jab and everybody must be mandated and lockdowns and pro all of that?
Not quite the same thing as Wiccan, not quite the same thing as religion, not quite the same thing as whatever this is.
That equivalency is false, and I'm not sure if she wrote that script or someone else wrote it for her, but it's dumb.
because having principles in the last five years about specific things different than your parents is very different than your parents raising you a certain way, which is what I think should be thought of as implied here.
I don't know what to say other than, again, this is a show.
She's likely an unwitting participant, but a willing participant.
She doesn't really care.
She enjoys what she does, she enjoys the pay, she enjoys all the freedom that it gives her and her family, and I'm sure that she has many more resources than I do, otherwise they wouldn't be as successful.
One of the resources she has is that most of the media platforms actively promote her.
She's put in front of people, even people who don't need to see her, see her, because this is an approved part of the hamster wheel.
So there's nothing dangerous here.
The whole thing is sterile.
And now we have to say, well, then you must not really truly be part of the freedom movement because your dad was super into everybody getting the jab.
You know, like that's not really a fair criticism.
But I just wanted to bring up what the criticism was that Dr. Malone is talking about.
so that you can understand the robust criticisms against Dr. Casey Means as being the Surgeon General.
But that's, to me, not a good one.
There are better arguments, and we'll get to that.
So he says that next they attack her for not speaking out against the jab.
Okay, so this is where we're getting to.
But if she had, she would have not been able to be as effective as an advocate against big pharma and big ag.
What?
So you're saying it's okay she didn't speak up during COVID about anything.
It's okay because she's now a big, you know, if she would have done that, nobody would have listened to her now that she's speaking out against big ag.
She's speaking out against like big food, big ag.
She wouldn't be able to do that if she spoke out against the jab.
But you see, that's the problem because what's the Maha movement about?
Is it about food?
What is the Maha movement about, Kim?
Did you have anybody tell you that Robert Malone was a player in this?
Did anyone tell you that Robert Malone has been a player for a very long time, like since 9-11 and the anthrax vaccine, just like Meryl Nass?
And Mary Holland?
Has anyone talked about that with you besides me?
And did you just forget?
Did your producers forget?
Do you not rank on a board somewhere the most important ideas that you've heard in the last year so that you can ask other people about those ideas?
Isn't that what a reporter would do?
Hey, you know, a couple of weeks ago, I had a guy on who says that he was the advisor for RFK Jr.
while he was writing the Wuhan coverup, and I haven't been able to discredit that claim.
He says, X, Y, and Z. What are your thoughts on that?
Instead, she just reads the script that she's given, asks the question, and vigorously attempts to ponder them because that's what she's paid to do.
You have to think of her more like an actor.
An improv actor.
Here's the script today.
These are the issues that you want to get to.
Make sure you stay away from this.
Have fun.
Food?
Is that what the main thing for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
Was it about food?
Was it about, oh, he's just going to come in and he's going to change the food?
No, I'm pretty sure that's not actually what skyrocketed him into the public sphere and why people in the Maha movement supported him.
I'm pretty sure the number one issue was actually
And so now it's food?
Vaccines?
And what does she mean?
She means the COVID vaccine, right?
Because the COVID shots are bad.
They're free to say that, but we're not going to talk about 2020 and we're not going to talk about the previous vaccine schedule until they're ready to blame autism on it.
Right.
Okay.
So.
Keep that in mind as we watch some clips here.
So people are saying she is a Manchurian candidate.
Why?
Because she's pivoting us.
Because rather than focusing on and the childhood schedule and the, you know, hundred jabs we give children before the age of 18.
It's an interesting opinion, Jason, because Dan Cohen really thinks highly of redacted
It's an interesting opinion that I can't discount, that's for sure.
Rather than focusing on that, she's focusing on food and metabolic health.
And now you've got Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
talking about Froot Loops and red dyes, and then he's going out there and he's saying, I recommend the, you know, for measles and I recommend the.
for this out and the other.
And you've got now, look at this, the FDA coming out today with this.
Isn't that a wonderful enchantment?
Whenever she blanks it out, you're being trained.
Her viewers are being trained to think the word vaccine, which means that vaccines are real.
The technology's real.
The idea is great.
We just can't talk about them.
It's a actual semantic enchantment for anybody that watches this.
You just assume that vaccines are real by the end of it because that's why they're blanked out.
Gem of an announcement saying today, the FDA announced that on May, this was yesterday, actually.
Today, the FDA announced that on May 22nd, so just in a couple of weeks, the FDA's
and related biological products advisory committee will meet to publicly discuss and make recommendations on the selection of the 2025-2026 formula for COVID-19 for use in the United States."
What?
Wait a minute.
I thought we were going to get rid of this from the schedule.
What do you mean you're just going to update the formula?
So you're not going- So she never had anybody tell her what was going on here, apparently.
No one's ever let her know that this was about the Human Genome Project and it was by design.
That the whole point of the novel virus was to get people to accept that transfection had worked, albeit flawed, albeit contaminated, according to the Human Genome Project former research and development director, Kevin, the hero, McKernan.
I'm going to get rid of it.
Why does anybody need this one?
but you're going to update the formula and you're announcing in this proud announcement that soon in a couple of weeks, you're going to meet to publicly discuss and make recommendations on the formula for the, that you're going to keep on the schedule.
This is what people are upset about.
What is going on?
I thought we elected the Maha movement and now we're still getting the COVID jab.
It's just going to be an updated formula.
Are you kidding me?
That's not what people were supporting RFK Jr for.
So people are criticizing this selection.
And so who's the head of that now?
That would be Vinay Prasad, who at the beginning of the pandemic arguably could be characterized as a child.
Because they're saying that this is a divergent candidate.
This is somebody, this Surgeon General is just gonna talk about getting out there and eating better and exercise and getting your sunlight.
rather than let's get rid of the poisons, the big pharma poisons that are being pumped into our children from birth.
But here's where it gets confusing because there've been times when Dr. Casey Means actually does talk about big pharma.
Here she is on Tucker Carlson's show.
Watch this.
They make us sick, but they don't kill us.
And then we are drugged for life.
You look at what's happening in children.
a child born in a hospital in the United States today, within hours of coming from source into this, you know, into this body, the first thing that happens to them is pharmaceutical intervention.
Without really asking, you know, I mean, there's barely... Pharmaceutical intervention.
So she's very precisely imprecise about how she talks about it.
Coming from the source into this body,
wearing a sun around her neck in a black sweater.
Inform consent about this.
That child.
On Tucker Carlson.
So again, this is the exact media apparatus that has been used to create a fake populist movement that was wrapped up in the fake Donald Trump administration, which is essentially doing everything that the Democrats want to do, but with a different name on it and a different spin in the media.
That's why we're not talking about the CDC.
That's why we're talking about the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.
That's why we're not talking about Jay Bhattacharya anymore.
That's why we're not talking about Health and Human Services Secretary who's doing nothing about the PrEP Act.
A lawyer.
that HHS is not telling us at all about why the PREP Act should be struck as unconstitutional, even though that would be the quickest way to end this giant apparatus they supposedly support eliminating.
Burn it down to the ground.
eyes are smeared with erythromycin ointment, and they're given a hepatitis B in their first day of life.
And what are these two things for?
I mean, I mention this because it's just emblematic of how we're put on the pharma treadmill from the moment we are born in this country for reasons that are very strange.
The erythromycin ointment is to prevent chlamydial infections of the eye, which we test women for chlamydia.
So why would every baby in the United States need this ointment if the mom doesn't have it?
is for hepatitis B, which is a sexually transmitted disease and IV drug user disease, of course, which babies are not going to be exposed to.
And yet every single baby in America is getting the intervention.
So from the literally the day we are born, why not test the pregnant?
So so there you go.
You know, she's talking again, a limited spectrum of debate that was already debated years and years ago was actually the subject of the movie Vaxxed.
I mean, come on.
They've been talking about it for years without prioritizing any messages.
Without even prioritizing the real message that the longer we wait, the more likely it will do less damage.
That's absolutely biologically true because interrupting the pattern integrity during the fastest parts of development are the times when the most disturbing things can happen to their trajectory across time.
And so although hitting your kid with a baseball bat is never a good idea, if you wait until they're eight years old, they're probably gonna be okay and their math skills won't be affected.
Do you see?
So there is a limited spectrum of debate that has been fooled around with for years with people like Paul Thomas and these other people who say they have a altered vaccine schedule, but they don't have a real message.
The message is very, very simple, that if you're gonna inject someone a combination of substances that's bullshit, the longer you wait, the better.
Why not just make that your message then?
But of course, Paul Thomas and CHD and all these heroes have never made that their message because that isn't their message.
they are put in place to sabotage that message.
That message that Brandy Vaughn was pushing, the message that I'm pushing, and few other people have managed to enunciate as well as us.
That's the trick.
It's a really simple message if intramuscular injection is not medicine.
It's a really simple message if RNA cannot pandemic.
It's a real simple message if public health is a lie.
And these people have never gotten to that.
Their simplest messages are rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, and courage over fear.
Just as ambiguous as this entire podcast has been at trying to distill some message, some useful information out of this show on social media.
Kim is not able to do it.
I think Gigo and Biological does a hell of a good job of doing it.
She's talking about these ointments.
She's talking about these pharmaceutical interventions.
So what's the problem?
I mean, it sounds like she's on our team, right?
It sounds like she's all about calling out the fact that, what are we doing to these babies?
And it sounds like she's calling out food.
You know, all of these things are good things.
I haven't heard her say anything that I don't like.
And I'm sure you're not hearing it either.
So what is exactly the issue?
Here she is also.
I want to show you this.
This one's a little longer, but I want you to watch.
I want you to watch the whole thing because this gives you.
She wants you to watch the whole thing.
And what is this?
Well, this is Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan's group of meddlers chosen to present in front of Senator Ron Johnson, supposedly a guy who called me in 2022 because Robert Malone recommended me as an advisor.
Yep, that's true.
He called me on the same day that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
called me.
Both told me the same story.
Robert Malone sat them down to watch my stream with Charles Rixey when Charles Rixey had come to my house at the beginning of 2022.
And so I am in contact with Robert Malone indirectly, but directly with Senator Ron Johnson, directly with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
because of Robert Malone's recommendation.
Robert Malone then proceeded to tour the world for years with the international COVID summits, promoting people like Merrill Nass,
and Asim Malhotra and Sasha Latupova and Mike Palmer, all these frauds.
And now you can see very clearly here, we have to listen to her presentation.
And what will this presentation be?
Will it be a presentation with a big message, a presentation with some information, or is it just gonna be math and statistics and ratios
that she's gonna read from a piece of paper, but can't synthesize across them.
Can't say and answer the question, so what?
Because that's the trick.
CHD never answers the question, so what?
Kim never answers the question, so what?
Maybe I'm going to put the song So What on while these people don't answer the question.
to a very clear idea of what her agenda is going to be as Surgeon General.
And I'm going to tell you, you will agree with everything she says.
But again, it's not what the Maha Movement's primary focus is.
And that's their big beef.
Watch this.
You would think that the American healthcare system and our government agencies would be clamoring to fix metabolic health and reduce American suffering and costs.
But they're not.
They are deafeningly silent about metabolic dysfunction and its known causes.
It's not an overstatement to say
that I learned virtually nothing at Stanford Medical School about the tens of thousands of scientific papers that elucidate these root causes of why American health.
7% of the foods our kids are eating
nutrition courses in medical school.
I didn't learn that 82% of independently funded studies show harm from processed food.
In medical school I didn't learn that 95% of the people who created the recent USDA Food Guidelines for America had significant conflicts of interest with the food industry.
So what?
of synthetic pesticides are being sprayed on our food every single year, 99% of the farmland in the United States.
is sprayed with synthetic pesticides, many from China and Germany.
And these invisible, tasteless chemicals are strongly linked to autism, ADHD, sex hormone disruption, thyroid disease, sperm dysfunction, Alzheimer's, dementia, birth defects, cancer, obesity, liver dysfunction, female infertility, and more.
She can barely read it.
So what?
That's the question that she will never answer.
Never, ever, ever.
Our water, and we are now even inhaling them in our air.
And that very recent research from just the past couple of months tells us that now about 0.5% of our brains by weight are now plastic.
Who's sitting right next to her?
I didn't learn that there are more than 80,000 toxins.
Who is sitting right next to her in this meeting?
Who's that guy?
Cause he's not the FDA director yet, not in this meeting.
Is this the right appropriate dress to be in front of the Senate as a doctor or a, or a, or a, or a whatever is it?
I don't, I don't really think so.
Sure.
Food, water, air and homes by industry, many of which are banned in Europe.
and they are known to alter our gene expression, alter our microbiome composition and the lining of our gut and disrupt our hormones.
I didn't learn that heavy metals like aluminum and lead are- Look at her read.
She's reading.
Does this look like somebody who has just studied this stuff so she knows it?
It doesn't even look like a person who's rehearsed reading this enough to be able to look up.
We should be ashamed of ourselves for falling for this trap.
Especially the one that got us him and Bhattacharya and Kennedy.
This is a meaningless person in a meaningless post and this discussion about her is meaningless.
But supposedly it's really important.
Nicole Shanahan.
Nicole, how are you?
Look at the studio of Glenn Beck.
Look what I have to compete against.
How many staff members need to be paid?
How many resources are bent on making this happen?
And how much does Gigome Biological kick ass if you realize that there's just one person and his wife doing this?
Think about that because these people claim to be the independent media.
They claim to be that new narrative network that's gonna save America, but they're not.
They're not.
And you can see it because they have big money behind them.
All of these people have big money behind them.
The same big money that's behind Joe Rogan.
The same big money that's behind Steve Kirsch.
The same big money that's behind Brett Weinstein.
The same big money that's behind all of these podcasts like Lex Friedman, like TWIV.
The same big money is behind PBS NewsHour.
The same big money is behind all these people on the left.
Because they all eat at the same table, they all go to the same steak dinners, they all go to the same private meetings, they all fly in the same private jets.
And they've all agreed to let Elon Musk and Peter Thiel be the front man for this new movement.
and Steve Bannon and all of these people that are coordinating this narrative that's supposed to trap the conservatives of America, the people, the last remaining patriots in a hamster wheel that will get them to the same destination that everybody's running to get to on the other side.
And Glenn Beck is an integral part of that.
Remember, a few years ago, we were supposed to believe that Glenn Beck had all of Charles Rixey's data and that Charles Rixey was meeting with Glenn Beck to help him design that three chalkboard presentation about how Ralph Baric did everything.
And now, five years later or four years later, we have Kevin McKernan on a huge podcast saying exactly that.
It's just, it's remarkable.
So what?
Very good, Glenn.
How are you doing?
I'm very good.
It's great to have you here.
So I want to ask you, the Surgeon General thing, are you for Casey Means or not for Casey Means?
So what?
Hundreds of thousands of doctors?
Well, that's just a myth.
That's just an absolute myth.
There might be a hundred, but there aren't hundreds of thousands of doctors and there aren't thousands of doctors who've lost their license.
She is a liar.
This is a social media myth.
Listen carefully.
The indignity in our medical system, once again, that is what I'm for.
That is what propelled Maha into existence.
That is what propelled Bobby Kennedy into the position of running for president of the United States.
That's why I joined the campaign.
It really is about listening to this group of doctors that did the right thing during the COVID pandemic, that spoke up,
The group of doctors, you mean like Pierre Corey and Peter McCullough, Ryan Cole, Robert Malone.
Goodness sakes.
It was dangerous to speak up.
That lost their licenses.
And so when I- Where's the list of those people that have lost their license?
I really want to see it.
Show me the list.
I hear from that face.
concern or research about individuals in and around Maha, I have to listen to them.
And I do listen to them because oftentimes they are right.
They're brave and they're principled.
Can you imagine if I took a picture like that just because I lived in Texas?
Can you imagine it for a second?
Even if I had a horse, I don't think I would ever buy that jacket.
I would love to have a horse, but I mean, holy crap.
He's the Marlboro man over here.
So the concern I've been hearing from that group of people is that MAHA has, you know, any movement, MAGA.
It's got a lot of Brokeback Mountain feel to that.
I had this issue too, of infiltration by different groups that are more self-serving than they are for the movement itself.
And so just one example, Casey Means is a founder of a company that does biometric harvesting.
She's very close with many of the big data
So it's a real distraction here.
Number one, just to make sure, you know, lightning bolt is the symbol of somebody.
Number two, harvesting biometric data is not what you need to be worried about.
You need to be worried about harvesting of genetic data and that using AI to interface with your medical data.
That's what you need to be worried about.
That is the central aim of what Larry Ellison was talking about with the AI building in Texas and all that other stuff.
That's what Biden was talking about when he said, share all the data about cancer.
That's what it was all about when they built that institute at Wimber.
It was about the data.
So we can go back as far as you want to.
It's not about biometric data.
Biometric data is a huge technological distraction, as dumb as Neuralink.
I mean, it's cool.
It's nice to see your heart rate and see how hard you worked on your bike and stuff like that.
But that's not the data they want.
I assure you, they want medical remnant derived data where they can get much, much, much more detailed measurements and quantification of your biological state than from a freaking watch.
Come on, people.
biometric harvesting companies in Silicon Valley, and this, I know several of these people, you do not want them running in a government position that is responsible for everybody equally, right?
They're not necessarily going to do that.
So wait, wait, wait, what is bio, what is that?
They're harvesting what?
Oh, he has no idea all this time.
He's been working as a podcaster and an interviewer and a intrepid journalist on the back of his horse.
He's not a, what is this?
What are you talking about?
What's biometric surveillance?
Well, so biometric data is anything between heart rate data to all of the data that is collected from your Fitbit or high glucose monitor.
It could be labs.
It could be, yeah.
And then there's all the DNA harvesting.
All the DNA harvesting?
Well, holy cow.
She just said it.
Isn't that interesting?
Huh, because I think she's all for that.
I think she's all for it.
I think she knows that AI will be used because she said that on the campaign trail with Bobby Kennedy.
Because Mary Holland is arguing for AI to make innovation in medicine.
Because Dr. Mumper of the CHD has argued that the vaccine schedule needed to be genetically tuned to people's, you know,
vulnerabilities that the James Lyons Weiler has argued for a long time that non vaccinated groups are enriched for for vulnerabilities to vaccines.
That's why they don't use them or some shit like that.
and big data that's being done.
So, you know, I think that the base, MAHA really came from medical freedom and medical sovereignty and the idea that we have to keep conflicts of interest out of the government.
And so when I, you know, see some stuff going on that
We could be doing better, right?
Our job, and I learned this from the MAGA base, our job is to continue to seek the best possible people for government that are truly putting the principles of this country first, the principles of American sovereignty first.
A lot of people don't know that I'm a painter, and I gave up painting because of demoralizing pain in my hands.
I was losing hope.
If pain keeps you from really living, I urge you to do what I did.
Try Relief Factor.
Relief Factor is a 100% drug-free supplement developed by doctors.
It's safe to take every day, and it has helped me and so many others.
You can try their three-week quick start right now, $19.95 at relieffactor.com.
So you wrote yesterday, it's very strange, it doesn't make any sense.
I was promised that if I supported RFK Jr.
in the Senate confirmation that neither of these siblings would be working under HHS or in an appointment and that people much more qualified would be.
I don't know if JFK, sorry, RFK very clearly lied to me or what's going on.
It has been clear in recent conversations that he is reporting to someone regularly who is controlling his decisions and it isn't President Trump.
Trump.
Now keep in mind what I'm trying to show you here is this is precisely the narrative that was promoted by Kim using the same argument that well you tweeted this so I think it's important that I tell everybody what you tweeted that the truth is being discussed and distilled on X and Glenn Beck also agrees because it's all one network
It's all one network that agrees Rumble's awesome.
It's all one network that agrees Ivermectin's awesome.
It's all one network that agrees that there was a novel virus.
It's all one network that agrees that X is where the truth is being sorted out.
And these agreements trap our children in a social media dystopia where reality is no longer accessible and it is instead, the only thing we are offered is a performance like this.
The only way is to get off social media and to establish our own.
That's why I have PeerTube.
That's why I have Soapbox.
It ain't great.
It ain't perfect, but it is ours.
And I want a radio station.
I want an AM radio station with 1,500 watts, the maximum power that I'm allowed to use as a civilian.
With regards to the siblings, there is something very artificial and aggressive about them, almost as if they were bred and raised as Manchurian assets.
Wow.
So to keep in mind, that was not, I was responding to Dr. Suzanne Humphreys, who was also expressing very similar sentiments.
So Shanahan is promoting Suzanne Humphreys, he's promoting Suzanne Humphreys, and they agree that Suzanne Humphreys is a relevant voice.
Suzanne Humphreys being that person that was in that video with Brandy Vaughn has had a book from 2013 and hasn't really saved anyone since.
Who claims that, you know, Roman Biansic, he did a lot of stuff.
He had all the charts.
All I did was kind of, you know, put my name on the book.
That's what she said when Brandy interviewed her.
And just like Pauly Tommy, when Brandy called her a hero, she didn't look very comfortable with it because they know.
They know they are part of this narrative.
They are screwing people over.
They are sabotaging what would otherwise be a movement.
Why do you think California has the most fractured anti-vax network of all the states in America right now?
Why CHD California dissolved?
Why do you think that is?
It's by design.
Concerns there's better candidates.
So what's going on?
I also heard from other MDs in the field that there was another doctor that RFK had wanted for the position Very very qualified doctor and and and you know, she was caught by surprise as well by this other choice so, you know, there's
Okay, I see you in the chat.
I'm going to offer this right now.
Today, I'm going to figure out how to take the audio and put it on Spotify.
I have a couple or one up on Spotify, but I haven't been putting them up.
If you want that, I'll start putting them up on Spotify and see what happens.
They they don't call it the swamp for no reason.
Right.
And and I'm you know, I'm not officially within the administration at all.
In fact, I've decided to take the path of staying an independent media person, which I think
I think, and you know this, Glenn, it's really important that when you are an independent media voice, that you stick by your principles and that you're not just a mouthpiece for any... So she's declaring herself an independent media voice, and she does have a podcast and a lot more followers than Marker Eye, because again, the algorithm is being used to assist her rise.
In fact, it may have been the plan all along that she would get into the public sphere and get on TV as a vice presidential candidate going nowhere.
And then this artificial media structure would support her afterward and make her continue to rise in this debate afterward or in this discussion afterward.
Again, it's a theater.
They're elevating people in their role in the play, that's it.
And she may have always been intended to be one of these people who was going to, you know, become a podcaster and influence people that way.
How many cats can you herd is the only question.
And I'm not allowed to herd any cats.
I'm prevented from there being any type of herding going on.
government organization, but you're really on the outside reflecting back the hopes and wishes of the constituents.
Yeah, and it's very hard to do.
I mean, I take stances against the president and for the president, and you always have to
You always have to balance, uh, you know, I have my opinion and I'm never going to be bought out by anybody.
I'm never, but, but you all, I think it's a good time to wrap up here.
I'm going to move on and just show you what I was working on the other day.
Remember, um, this is gig on biological, high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Biology is definitely the way we seek the truth together here.
Um, and, uh, yesterday I showed you on the bike was timed out.
And we discussed these guys that were behind Marty McCarty's rise to prominence on social media.
You saw Marty McCarty sitting next to Casey Means in that Senator Ron Johnson, Robert Malone,
Kevin McKernan, little group of people that was the second or third installment in front of the Senate.
Now, pointing out who these people are and telling you what you can see if you just look for yourself, I thought I would go and see if I could find what YouTube has to offer for a calendar of ZDogg's promotion of Marty McCary.
So I just did a little search on YouTube and I started to mark all of the places where they had done videos starting in 2019.
In 2019 there were a couple August 31st 2019 and November 13th 2019 where they're talking about his book and they're talking about his book.
Then in 2020, we had three podcasts in a row in January.
January 15th, 16th, and 17th, also with really nice thumbnails.
Then we had a May 15th where they were cutting through COVID fake news with Marty McCary.
Then we had Convalescent Plasma on September 5th, 2020.
Then we had October 17th, still talking about COVID myths.
That's a lot of videos.
And we're still in the murder.
You can see the murder is still going on.
Delay the second dose, February 21st, or sorry, February 3rd, 2021.
Then May 2021, they do two videos together.
Then in June of 21, they do another video together.
Then in September, they do another video together.
And then in September, the day later, they do another live update together.
And then December 4th, they do another video with,
him and Vinay Prasad.
So now we're starting to really see an interesting pattern, right?
When the murder is happening.
We have 2022, March, you know, COVID common sense again with Vinay Prasad.
Then of course, COVID myopia, May 11th, 2022.
And then there's a really weird absence for almost a year after the murder stopped.
It's almost like they didn't need to podcast because there was no narrative to control for a year or so.
Just time to run out, clock to run out.
It was in 2023 that I wasted all my time with Jessica Hockett and Jonathan Engler and Professor Martin Neal and all these jackasses from Panda that wanted to write a virology review.
2023 was when I was working for CHD and being regularly told that I shouldn't talk about Robert Malone until they finally fired me at the end of 23.
And so then in 2024, they had to pick it up again where I'm about to be nominated for FDA.
So I better get out there again, make sure that Vinay's out there again.
We'll do a couple, two tree shows together.
I might even go work with this guy because you know, Tony Fauci likes him too.
So I'm going to get promoted again because I want a job.
I'm trying to get a job.
So what does this pattern really tell you?
I just, you know, make sure you realize there were three in a row in January 15th, 16th, and 17th.
What does this pattern tell you?
What are the murder and lies for?
What are they doing with this anticipated rise in all cause mortality other than shifting the seats of power, shifting the seat and the perception of power.
Kind of like what Alex Karp said, he went to Germany to learn.
How do people know things?
Podcasts are enchantments that have been used to hide the murder and lies.
Have been used to bamboozle us into accepting a mystery of a novel virus that may have come from a laboratory and that Tony Fauci may have even produced.
Maybe even Ralph Baric made it.
Or did he just teach the Chinese how to make it and then they baked the cake?
Of course, I've shown you this video of James Lyons Weiler.
And the reason why I show it to you is because he too is a red thread, which like Kevin McCairn, anybody associated with this fraud should immediately be discounted.
That's why I think beyond a shadow of a doubt, CHD must be a corrupt organization because this guy features so prominently in everything they've done from the moment that the World Mercury Project changed its name.
And this guy's terrified of me.
I don't know how many times I've been on the same premises of him and never talked to him.
He just walks away.
He moved from Pittsburgh in 2020 because of me.
Prove me wrong.
I want to thank the media for being here and thank everyone online for... And of course this fraud was also a year later in a stream with all of these frauds.
Steve Kirsch, Mike Yeadon, Robert Malone.
I'm sorry, I get Robert Malone and Jessica Rose mixed up all the time.
And Matt Crawford and
Mark Girardeau.
These are all spectacularly tied to my life in those five years, spectacularly tied to distracting me.
Matt Crawford's one of the worst.
I rarely talk about him because he really, really lied to me in a pretty, pretty nasty way, multiple times, and then lied about me in a Bitcoin chat on Signal that has over 150 participants.
for more than a year, as far as I can tell, I stopped checking.
Just like I kind of stopped checking on Kevin McCarran, but I can count on him pretty much making a video about me every couple of weeks.
So he had Steve Kirsch, right?
He had Peter McCullough, he had Meryl Nass, he had Pierre Kory, all during the time when the murder was still being covered up.
all during the time when the clock is being run out.
And so these people all being on the same show together is impossibly, it's impossible to ignore.
It is incredibly damning.
This guy is especially bad.
This guy's especially bad to be in this particular group at this particular time.
This is a panda person.
the group that I presented to over six hours of presentations that one of their members, David Wiseman, called the best immunology lecture he'd ever seen.
And none of those videos are available to the public because Panda has taken those ideas and made it their thing on X for the last three years.
Yes, Nick Hudson is a traitor to America.
He can't be a traitor to America.
He's not American.
He's just an enemy.
He's a foreign meddler, enemy of America.
As is this guy.
And I'm sorry, but as apparently Mike Eden is.
He is happy to be part of the controlled demolition.
If you want to believe that that retired pharma guy doesn't know that DNA and RNA can't be made pure by pharmacological manufacturing methods, you can believe it, but that's bullshit.
If you want to believe that coronaviruses are real and that PCR works and that the sequencing works, well then you can believe him and believe her and believe him.
You know, the guy who was one of the biggest private donors to the Democratic National Committee before the pandemic.
The guy who has a vaccine safety research foundation and said beyond a shadow of a doubt today on social media that autism was caused by vaccines and when that truth was revealed it was going to destroy the trust in the American government.
He tweeted that on X today.
This is a traitor to our grandkids.
He is not a patriotic American.
He is a saboteur.
And I think if we knew the full extent to his participation, he would be in jail.
Just like Robert Malone would probably be in jail, like Kevin McKernan would be in jail for the lies that they told through the pandemic where they could have saved hundreds of thousands of people from being injured.
Hundreds of thousands of people from being killed in hospitals.
These people were put in place.
That's why they are all fine with Jessica Rose's five postdocs in five different fields being called post-secondary degrees.
It's all a great big show.
And as long as you don't see that Polly Tommy is part of the show, as long as you never see Brandy Vaughn for who she was and what she was teaching people and when she did it, you're never going to see through it.
As long as you don't realize that this is just a recycled political stunt.
then you're never gonna see through it, until you realize that Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy are in on it, and maybe even part of the apparatus that has been a Truman Show trap for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
But honestly, I think Robert F. Kennedy Jr., like all of these people, is willing to look away.
You don't have to tell me what's behind that curtain.
I don't care.
I just want more.
That's why this video exists.
That's why she got on Joe Rogan.
That's why Nicole Shanahan is promoting her.
That's why Kim Iverson is promoting her.
That's why Glenn Beck is promoting her.
That's why Robert Malone is promoting her.
That's why she's behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
She is the same as Mary Holland and the same as Meryl Nass.
They are saboteurs to America's future.
They owe American kids.
Oh my gosh, do they owe them.
They were put in place to control the narrative so that transfection would never be blamed.
The word wouldn't even be used.
No one would ever talk about the lack of antibiotics being a crime except for some mouse on social media and only for about a month.
No one would talk about pure oxygen ever.
Even though there's Pierre Cory and Kyle Seidel right there on the internet to remember how ridiculous it was that we were thinking pure oxygen might be something if your pulse ox is low since we're running out of ventilators.
And Elon Musk can't make them fast enough in his converted Tesla factory.
pure oxygen causes the same symptomology blamed on SARS-CoV-2.
And in the hospitals in 2020 and 2021 in America, they were murdering people that way.
I am sure of it.
And in Scotland, they were murdering people other ways.
In the UK, they were murdering people in other ways.
I am sure of it.
And none of these people are talking about it.
Mike Eden's not talking about the murder in Scotland care homes.
Mike Eden is promoting Sasha Latapova, the mother of Soph.
PCR is not being discussed as the primary fraud because it's still being used.
It's still providing the remnant stream that all these people agreed to allow forming.
That's why none of them question it because that was one of the primary things to make sure that people accept.
We're not even arguing about PCR anymore.
We're arguing about the COVID shot and that is by design.
because it's part of the Human Genome Project.
That whole remnant stream is part of this whole stream of mentors, of actors, of people that understood the national security priority that the Human Genome Project was.
And how impossible it would be to complete that dream without endless sampling from everybody that we could possibly get our hands on, because that's how AI is gonna do it.
AI is gonna do it.
That's why these people are promoting Andrew Wakefield still after all these years and have never told you that MMR is one of the only subcutaneous shots on the whole vaccine schedule.
It's kind of irrelevant, I guess, to their whole story because it's about guts and stuff.
It's about all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
It's about the grandchildren of earth.
And that's why there's a fake anti-vax movement behind this man.
behind that lady and behind all of this show it's a fake anti-vax movement that also includes these people being bamboozled not everybody needs to be needs to know some people just can't figure it out because this guy and the guy with the orange glasses if they're lying together mary bowden doesn't stand a chance please make sure you share yesterday or friday's stream with mary if you haven't already because
Nobody sees my social media accounts.
They might see yours.
So the more people that are on that, the better.
The more times that we share it with her, the better.
The bad biology is what allowed this to happen.
We can think our way out of it, though.
We can stop talking about the COVID shots and start talking about real DNA, real biology, real understanding
A better way to move forward, New Biology 101.
Ladies and gentlemen, they won't talk about ingestion versus injection.
Brian Hooker used to, but he doesn't anymore.
He knew Brian, Brandy Vaughn really well, but we don't mention her and we don't mention those ideas just like we don't mention intramuscular injection not being medicine.
And it's not just these organizations.
These organizations have planted people on social media.
And those people are hiding this murder in lies.
Those people are behind the bamboozlement of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the using of him and his ambitions.
To their ends, they have created an illusion of consensus about something that did not happen because it is just a background being misconstrued as spread using nonspecific tests.
Please understand they got away with this by using placebo.
And using their tests to find their ghost doesn't make you a ghost buster.
And it doesn't make their ghost real either.
Ladies and gentlemen, please.
Intramuscular injection is not medicine.
RNA cannot pandemic.
It was always transfection and transformation.
The population pyramids is a real problem that they are managing.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you again soon.
Is that not working?
Oh man, darn it.
I'm going to do this again.
My bad.
Thanks for being here.
One thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
I always blow it on that.
Sorry if I blew out everybody's ears.
Thank you very much for being here.
If you wanna find a way to support the stream, please go to gigaohmbiological.com.
If you're gonna share it, please share it from stream.gigaohm.bio.
And I will definitely see you all tomorrow.
That'll be for sure.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thanks, thanks, thanks.
Thank you very much for being here, everybody.
And I will see you tomorrow, same time.
I'll try to be 1010, but I don't know how it's going to go.
Tomorrow, we're going to talk about autism.
We're going to talk about the myth of autism.
We're going to define it.
We're going to do some reading together.
And we're going to listen to Peter McCullough talk about how he understands what autism is and what it is.
He's going to give us his best estimate.
And I think we'll have a lot of fun.
We can see the dog tomorrow.
If you remind me again, I'll have him brought down.
Thank you very much for being here everybody and I will see you again tomorrow.
Thank you very much.
Hey, beesbees7, I guess, is my wife.
I always forget that, that she's actually in the chat.
That's dope.
Thank you very much, guys.
See you soon.